Why don’t skeletons fight each other? Because they don’t have the guts!
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired!
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot!
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? Because they might crack up!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels!
Why was the math book sad? Because it had too many problems!
Why can’t you give Elsa a balloon? Because she’ll let it go!
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work!
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one!
Why are elevator jokes so classic? Because they work on many levels!
Why don’t oysters share their pearls? Because they’re shellfish!
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out!
Why did the coffee file a police report? Because it got mugged!
Why did the belt get arrested? Because it held up a pair of pants!
Why did the math teacher break up with the calculator? Because they couldn’t function together!
Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks!
Why are ghosts bad at lying? Because you can see right through them!
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs!
Why can’t your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot!
Why did the fish blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why don't skeletons fight each other? Because they don't have the guts!
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired!
Why can’t you trust stairs? Because they’re always up to something!
Why do bakers always tell secrets? Because they knead to know!
Why did the music teacher go to jail? Because she got caught with the notes!
Why don't ants get sick? Because they have tiny ant-bodies!
Why did the computer go to the doctor? Because it had a virus!
Why don't teddy bears eat dessert? Because they’re always stuffed!
Why did the tree go to the dentist? Because it needed a root canal!
Why did the smartphone need glasses? Because it lost its contacts!
Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
Why do ducks have tail feathers? To cover their buttquacks!
Why did the barber win a race? Because he knew all the short cuts!
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well!
Why did the man put his money in the blender? Because he wanted to make liquid assets!
Why don’t vampires like garlic? Because it makes their blood pressure drop!
Why did the snowman call his dog Frost? Because he was a cool pup!
Why did the calendar get in trouble? Because it was filled with dates!
Why did the airplane break up with the helicopter? Because it felt too grounded!